[FEATURE] Feature/prepare for training feedbacktask (#3151)
recognai/rubrix: README.md

<hr>
<h3><a href="https://argilla.io/blog/launching-argilla-huggingface-hub/">Deploy on Hugging Face Hub</a></h3>

> WARNING: Hugging Face Spacese spaces don't have data retention by default and reset after 48 hours but this can be enabled within the settings on Hugging Face.

Reviewer: Typo-fix and removing the last part not to spoil anyone as not announced yet :/

```suggestion
WARNING: HuggingFace Spaces don't have persistent storage and will automatically reset after 48 hours of inactivity, which means all the data within the Space will be lost.
```

Author: I missed "private" beta

> HuggingFace Spaces don't have persistent storage and will automatically reset after 48 hours of inactivity, which means all the data within the Space will be lost. You can enable this via the Hugging Face Spaces settings.

Reviewer: This was no longer true 😄 Feel free to update this in other documentation files and curate the wording if you feel like, thanks!

```suggestion
HuggingFace Spaces now have persistent storage, and is supported from Argilla 1.11.0 onwards, but you will need to manually activate it via the HuggingFace Space settings. Otherwise, unless you're on a paid space upgrade, after 48 hours of inactivity the space will be shut off and you will lose all the data. To avoid losing data, we highly recommend using the persistent storage layer offered by HuggingFace.
```

> HuggingFace Spaces now have persistent storage, and is supported from Argilla 1.11.0 onwards, but you will need to manually activate it via the HuggingFace Space settings. Otherwise, unless you're on a paid space upgrade, after 48 hours of inactivity the space will be shut off and you will lose all the data. To avoid losing data, we highly recommend using the persistent storage layer offered by HuggingFace.

Author: ```suggestion
HuggingFace Spaces now have persistent storage and this is supported from Argilla 1.11.0 onwards, but you will need to manually activate it via the HuggingFace Spaces settings. Otherwise, unless you're on a paid space upgrade, after 48 hours of inactivity the space will be shut off and you will lose all the data. To avoid losing data, we highly recommend using the persistent storage layer offered by HuggingFace.
```
